# Ledn Token Interview Challenge
At Ledn, we are eager to find talented, resourceful, and passionate engineers to help us build the future of digital asset financial services. In light of this, we created a series of steps for us to know each other. One of these is a take home challenge, which will take a few hours to complete.

### Why a take-home challenge?
In-person coding interviews can be stressful and may hide your full potential. A take-home gives you a chance to work in a less stressful environment and showcase your talent.

### Our tech stack
As outlined in our job description, you will come across technologies which include a backend web framework (Typescript with NodeJS runtime) and a frontend library (React).

### Challenge Background
Ledn token is born! .. (fictional). Against our better judgement, we have rushed out our own token. We are now left with a slew of customer data and no way of capturing insights and managing accounts! Help us implement an application (requirements below) for the data which is in the following format:
#### Account
* `userEmail` (Account Holder email, unique)
* `status` (Possible values: ['active', 'locked'])
* `createdAt` (Account creation date)
* `updatedAt` (Account update date)
#### Transaction
* `userEmail` (Account Holder Email)
* `amount` (Number of tokens in transaction)
* `type` (Possible values: ['send', 'receive'])
* `createdAt` (Transaction creation date)

A transaction can only be associated with one account. An account can be associated with many transactions.  
Feel free to replace the userEmail field with an ID field generated by your data storage method of choice.  
Sample data files are provided:
  * [`accounts-api.json`](./accounts-api.json).
  * [`accounts-api-large.json`](./accounts-api-large.json).
  * [`transactions-api.json`](./transactions-api.json).
  * [`transactions-api-large.json`](./transactions-api-large.json).

### Requirements
1. You need to create an API for our internal team to help them read and update accounts as well as create tokens and remove tokens from accounts.
  
2. Try to use fewer libraries and implement your own utilities and functionality.

3. The API should be able to handle the following requests:
    * Get an account and its current balance.
    * Create `send` and `receive` transactions for an account;
      * No account should have a negative balance
      * No transactions can be made for accounts with status field set to `locked`
    * Update an account status field

4. We are mostly interested in the domain source code - please do not worry about including infrastructure config including networking and containerization, ci/cd, database optimizations etc.
 
5. No authentication or authorization functionality is expected in the submission.
   
6. Feel free to choose any tech stack that can accomplish the requirements. Although a similar stack to ours would be better.
   
### Time Estimate
Estimated effort to complete this challenge is up to 6 hours.

### Submission
You may choose to submit your solution however you'd like. Feel free to send us a link to a hosted git repo, or send us your solution directly. Whichever method you choose, please include instructions on running your solution locally.

### Following Steps
Upon submission of the challenge, we will review your code and reach out to you with comments. If your submission passes our criteria, a following interview will be scheduled to discuss your implementation in further detail. We feel this is another great way to assess your understanding rather than on the spot coding exercises!

We want you to succeed as much as you do, so we wish you the best of luck! Looking forward to your submission!
